data_and_data_governance:
  'Data sets has been subject to data governance and management practices appropriate for the intended purpose of the system': !!bool true # Art. 10(1)-(2)
  'Data governance and management practices have been applied to the relevant design choices': !!bool true # Art. 10(2)(a)
  'Data governance and management practices have been applied to data collection processes and the origin of data, and in the case of personal data, the original purpose of the data collection': !!bool true # Art. 10(2)(b)
  'Data governance and management practices have been applied to relevant data-preparation processing operations, such as annotation, labelling, cleaning, updating, enrichment and aggregation': !!bool true # Art. 10(2)(c)
  'Data governance and management practices have been applied to the formulation of assumptions, in particular with respect to the information that the data are supposed to measure and represent': !!bool true # Art. 10(2)(d)
  'Data governance and management practices included an assessment of the availability, quantity and suitability of the data sets that are needed': !!bool true # Art. 10(2)(e)
  'Data governance and management practices have included an examination of possible biases that are likely to affect the health and safety of persons, have a negative impact on fundamental rights or lead to discrimination prohibited under Union law, especially where data outputs influence inputs for future operations': !!bool true # Art. 10(2)(f)
  'Data governance and management practices included appropriate measures to detect, prevent and mitigate possible biases that are likely to affect the health and safety of persons, have a negative impact on fundamental rights or lead to discrimination prohibited under Union law, especially where data outputs influence inputs for future operations': !!bool true # Art. 10(2)(g)
  'Data governance and management practices have included the identification of relevant data gaps or shortcomings that prevent compliance with this Regulation, and how those gaps and shortcomings can be addressed': !!bool true # Art. 10(2)(h)
  'Training data is relevant': !!bool true # Art. 10(3); Rec. 67
  'Training data is sufficiently representative': !!bool true # Art. 10(3); Rec. 67
  'Training data is, to the best extent possible, free of errors': !!bool true # Art. 10(3); Rec. 67
  'Training data is complete in view of the intended purpose of system': !!bool true # Art. 10(3); Rec. 67
  'Training data possesses the appropriate statistical properties, including, where applicable, as regards the people in relation to whom the system is intended to be used': !!bool true # Art. 10(3)
  'Training data takes into account, to the extent required by the intended purpose, the characteristics or elements that are particular to the specific geographical, contextual, behavioural or functional setting within which the system is intended to be used': !!bool true # Art. 10(4)
  'Where special categories of personal data have been used to ensure the detection and correction of possible biases that are likely to affect the health and safety of persons, have a negative impact on fundamental rights or lead to discrimination prohibited under Union law, especially where data outputs influence inputs for future operations, the use of this data was strictly necessary': !!bool true # Art. 10(5)
  'Where special categories of personal data have been used to ensure the detection and correction of possible biases that are likely to affect the health and safety of persons, have a negative impact on fundamental rights or lead to discrimination prohibited under Union law, especially where data outputs influence inputs for future operations, the use complied with appropriate safeguards for the fundamental rights and freedoms of natural persons': !!bool true # Art. 10(5)
  'Where special categories of personal data have been used to ensure the detection and correction of possible biases that are likely to affect the health and safety of persons, have a negative impact on fundamental rights or lead to discrimination prohibited under Union law, especially where data outputs influence inputs for future operations, the use of this data satisfied the provisions set out in Regulations (EU) 2016/679 and (EU) 2018/1725 and Directive (EU) 2016/680': !!bool true # Art. 10(5)
  'Where special categories of personal data have been used to ensure the detection and correction of possible biases that are likely to affect the health and safety of persons, have a negative impact on fundamental rights or lead to discrimination prohibited under Union law, especially where data outputs influence inputs for future operations, the bias detection and correction was not effectively fulfilled by processing other data, including synthetic or anonymised data': !!bool true # Art. 10(5)(a)
  'Where special categories of personal data have been used to ensure the detection and correction of possible biases that are likely to affect the health and safety of persons, have a negative impact on fundamental rights or lead to discrimination prohibited under Union law, especially where data outputs influence inputs for future operations, the special categories of personal data were not subject to technical limitations on the re-use of the personal data, and state-of-the-art security and privacy-preserving measures, including pseudonymisation': !!bool true # Art. 10(5)(b)
  'Where special categories of personal data have been used to ensure the detection and correction of possible biases that are likely to affect the health and safety of persons, have a negative impact on fundamental rights or lead to discrimination prohibited under Union law, especially where data outputs influence inputs for future operations, the special categories of personal data were subject to measures to ensure that the personal data processed are secured, protected, subject to suitable safeguards, including strict controls and documentation of the access, to avoid misuse and ensure that only authorised persons have access to those personal data with appropriate confidentiality obligations': !!bool true # Art. 10(5)(c)
  'Where special categories of personal data have been used to ensure the detection and correction of possible biases that are likely to affect the health and safety of persons, have a negative impact on fundamental rights or lead to discrimination prohibited under Union law, especially where data outputs influence inputs for future operations, the special categories of personal data were not to be transmitted, transferred or otherwise accessed by other parties': !!bool true # Art. 10(5)(d)
  'Where special categories of personal data have been used to ensure the detection and correction of possible biases that are likely to affect the health and safety of persons, have a negative impact on fundamental rights or lead to discrimination prohibited under Union law, especially where data outputs influence inputs for future operations, the special categories of personal data were deleted once the bias was corrected or the personal data reached the end of its retention period (whichever came first)': !!bool true # Art. 10(5)(e)
  'Where special categories of personal data have been used to ensure the detection and correction of possible biases that are likely to affect the health and safety of persons, have a negative impact on fundamental rights or lead to discrimination prohibited under Union law, especially where data outputs influence inputs for future operations, the records of processing activities pursuant to Regulations (EU) 2016/679 and (EU) 2018/1725 and Directive (EU) 2016/680 include the reasons why the processing of special categories of personal data was strictly necessary to detect and correct biases, and why that objective could not be achieved by processing other data': !!bool true # Art. 10(5)(f)

technical_documentation:
  'Where relevant, the data requirements in terms of datasheets describing the training methodologies and techniques and the training data sets used, including a general description of these data sets, information about their provenance, scope and main characteristics; how the data was obtained and selected; labelling procedures (e.g. for supervised learning), data cleaning methodologies (e.g. outliers detection)': !!bool true # Art. 11; Annex IV(2)(d)
  'Validation and testing procedures used, including information about the validation and testing data used and their main characteristics; metrics used to measure accuracy, robustness and compliance with other relevant requirements set out in Title III, Chapter 2 as well as potentially discriminatory impacts; test logs and all test reports dated and signed by the responsible persons, including with regard to predetermined changes as referred to under point (f)': !!bool true # Art. 11; Annex IV(2)(g)
  'Cybersecurity measures put in place as regards the data (e.g., scanning for data poisoning)': !!bool true # Art. 11; Annex IV(2)(h)

transparency_and_provision_of_information_to_deployers:
  'Specifications for the input data, or any other relevant information in terms of the training, validation and testing data sets used, taking into account the intended purpose of the AI system': !!bool true # Art. 13(3)(b)(vi)

quality_management_system:
  'Systems and procedures for data management, including data acquisition, data collection, data analysis, data labelling, data storage, data filtration, data mining, data aggregation, data retention and any other operation regarding the data that is performed before and for the purposes of the placing on the market or putting into service of high-risk AI systems': !!bool true # Art. 17(1)(f)